# VBA_Challenge_
#Overview_Of_The_Project 
The primary purpose of this analysis is to comprehend how to make VBA code run more effeciently. Continuing on the Module 2 instructions, we are to understand how to create arrays, loops, and if-then statements. We are to re-examine the code we created to make sheet3, "AllStocksAnalysis" throughout Module 2 and compare the 2017 and 2018 data.
#Results 
A large difficulty came from trying to make sure and execute the code for both 2018 and 2017. I'll be frank, I could not get the code to work for 2017 when working through the Module; only 2018. Therefor, I only have data from 2018 for my Challenge as well as my beginning AllStocksAnalysis(). Due to this, I was unable to make a comparison of 2017 and 2018's data. With that being said, I could tell the differnce in the run time of orginial code and the refactored code. While the latter was faster, I prefer the longer typed out of the examples from the Module for I think when getting a preliminary understanding of this code, the original version can be more helpful for those who are least familiar with coding, VBA and/or Microsoft Excel such as myself. 

#Summary 
Some of the pros and cons are quite simple. I'll start with the cons first. A large con is that, in the beginning when learning how to code, 'refactoring' can completely confuse someone and can lead to questioning capabilities. That is largely what happened to me throughout this Challenge. While I felt I had a shaky understanding of VBA at best, being asked to refactor that rocky understanding is a recipe for doubt and confusion. Another con is what one understands in one format, one understands better in another. Having that 'cruch' per se of the readings to help view and understand the code can reupholster one's abilities. Piggybacking off of that, a large pro is what is hard to understand one way, refactoring can help by understanding the code from another way. 
